I want to report two issues regarding my manager Henry C 

Hiring irregularities and code of conduct violations

	Person Engaged in this behavior: Henry Chang 
	The candidate: Ameya Talwar

I am formally writing to bring to your attention certain issues I have observed regarding the hiring and promotional practices carried out by my manager, Henry Chang, which I believe is in violation of our company’s hiring code of conduct. Here are the violations I have noticed:

Coaching: Henry personally coached and trained the TVC to help them with the interview process. They also instructed me to train them on SAP which would benefit them in the interview process.
Interview setup: The interviewers for this candidate were orchestrated with preferred interviewees, with one example being the conversation between Henry and one of the interviewers. https://screenshot.googleplex.com/52QLSEeoEfbW37e 
Conflict of interest: Some of the interviewers had known the candidate from before which represents a conflict of interest
Rigged interview process: The interview process seemed to be rigged as the interviewers were selected by Henry and appeared to handle the candidate with kid gloves to aid in clearing the interview.
Detailed Candidate statement of support: A detailed statement of support to influence the hiring committee was written for this candidate by Henry.
Rejection of other candidates: All other potential candidates were intentionally rejected without fair evaluation. The position was kept open till this candidate was hired under them.
Misrepresentation of role: I was informed by Henry that due to the challenging nature of the Application Engineering role interview, the candidate will be hired under a Business system analyst (non-Engineering role). 
The candidate even today performs engineering tasks which are different from their role profile. They also have TVC SWEs reporting to them
The candidate was promoted in a years time 

The irregularities in the hiring and promotion process as outlined above, reflect a breach of our company's hiring code of conduct. 

Bullying and Harassment

I want to also report another serious concern regarding bullying, harassment and unprofessional conduct by my manager Henryc. This ongoing behavior has caused a hostile and demeaning work environment which has significantly affected my morale and performance. Below are the incident and behaviors i have experienced
Manipulated performance review (GRAD) process: A colleague and a peer reviewer informed me that Henry C influenced the GRAD process by urging my peer reviewer to provide negative feedback about me with the intention to adversely affect my performance rating. This manipulation undermines the i
Derogatory Remarks: Henry frequently engages in sarcastic remarks and derogatory comments regarding my work, coupling with demeaning gestures like laughter, implying that my contributions are worthless. This repeated  negative reinforcement has created an extremely uncomfortable working environment for me.
Persistent negative behavior: I have been subjected to repeated unconstructive feedback (which are factually incorrect)  since my inception in the team.This is done intentionally to demoralize me and hamper my confidence.
Verbal abuse and threats: on one occasion, Henry raised their voice and yelled at me in a demeaning manner, which was both unprofessional and intimidating. Furthermore, Henry threatened me by stating that they have managed people out in the past and could do so again. This direct threat, coupled with the yelling, has created a culture of fear and intimidation, negatively impacting my physical and mental well being


 I believe my manager's actions are exacerbated by their awareness of my status as a vulnerable immigrant. The fear of losing my job, and consequently facing grave consequences has made me a target for this continual mistreatment. 

There are various other incidents that I have already reported to HR, my skip Lucy, Respect advisor etc. and would not repeat them again. 

I am dealing with various physical and mental illnesses including anxiety, insomnia, GERD, SIBO, seborrheic dermatitis and ADD which are all because of me being subjected to bullying and harassment carried out by my manager. 

I have taken the step of reporting these issues internally with the hope that a resolution can be reached through Google's established channels. However, it's essential to address that the ongoing nature of these issues may compel me to explore other avenues to ensure a safe and respectful workplace environment, in alignment with legal protections afforded to all employees.  
